Known issues with the August 23, 2004 release of the University of Michigan
Space Weather Modeling Framework (SWMF) and it constituent components.
Fixes are also indicated as "FIX" as they become known.


SWMF:
        1. The SWMF and its components have not been fully tested on
           Linux platforms using the the PFG90 compiler.

           Already known problems on 'morpheus':

           1.a: GM-IM coupling fails with the accurate field line integration.
                WORK AROUND: in the GM section of PARAM.in insert
 
                             #RAYTRACE 
                             F                  UseAccurateIntegral
                             F                  UseAccurateTrace
                             0.1                DtExchangeRay [sec]
                             1                  DnRaytrace


           1.b: GM-IE coupling hangs if IE is running on 2 PE-s
                WORK AROUND: put IE onto a single PE in LAYOUT.in

	2. The timing for the 'SWMF' was incorrect on some platforms.
	   FIX: Stop and restart timing for 'SWMF' after setup.
	   MODIFIED: CON/Control/src/CON_main.f90



RB:
        1. The Radiation Belt (RB) module included with this release
           does not conform to several SWMF requirements for physics
           modules.  These include:
                A. The module does not write or read restart files.
                B. The time-step taken by the module cannot be
                   controlled (reduced) by the control module (CON). 

        2. Plotting and analysis tools for examining RB output are not
           included with the distribution.

        3. The RB module is quite sensitive to complier options,
           especially optimization settings.

UA:
        1. Although the UA module (GITM) can restart from a known 
           steady-state, its initial output depends on its coupling 
           with IE.  Therefore UA results, even on restart from a 
           steady-state, tend to lack fidelity for the first several 
           couplings with the IE module.  Results from UA should be
           ignored during this period.

        2. The UA does not currently run on the Compaq platform (halem).
           FIX (Aug 25,2004): use -fpe1 compiler flag.
	   MODIFIED: share/build/Makefile.OSF1

        3. The UA module GITM is sensitive to the number of processors
           on which it is running.   For some (unpredictable) 
           combinations of numbers of blocks and numbers of processors 
           it does not seem to work.

IM:
        1. Restarting the RCM (IM module) requires that if both restart
           files and plot files were written that both files must exist
           in order to restart.  This is due to the fact that when RCM
           writes plot and restart files, it appends them to files that
           are assumed to exist already via a record number.  This is
           not a bug, but the behavior does seem somewhat counter
           intuitive and may need modification.

	2. The RCM code stops with a run time error on halem (OSF1).
           FIX (Aug 25,2004): use -fpe1 compiler flag.
	   MODIFIED: share/build/Makefile.OSF1

GM, IH, SC (BATSRUS):
        1. Automatic Mesh Refinement (AMR) on restart does not hold the
           blocks touching the body to a constant refinement level
           when told to do so.  The feature works within a run
           correctly but fails to perform correctly after a restart.

        2. The user_routine structure seems to require a reformulation
           in order to avoid incompatibilities of the different
           routines and flags.

	3. SC only: the Z component of gravity was set to zero due to a bug.
	   FIX (Aug 25, 2004): Initialize DzInv variable.
	   MODIFIED: GM/BATSRUS/src/potential_force_averages.f90
	   NOTE: this file is configured into SC and only used in SC.

        4. SC only: the logfile contains NaN-s when the test is run
           with the PGF90 compiled code on 'morpheus'.

SP:
        1. The SEP module included with this release does not have the
           ability to restart.

        2. The shock sensing algorithm used in the SEP module is not 
           robust enough to find the correct shock structure in all
           situations.

